profile/README.md, before:

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nsustain.com">
    <img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nsustain/.github/main/logo/logo-github.png" width="350">
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com">
    <img alt="nsustain.com" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19341857/184772201-ff14bc28-b7a7-4bec-bef5-52625acd0544.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="MIT License" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19341857/206869035-bccdfab1-a825-4ec1-b598-78bf668b7917.svg">
  </a>
</p>

---

<br>
<br>
<br>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    About<br>
    [<a href="https://nsustain.com">Official Website</a>]
  </b>
  <br>
  <br>
  🌳 A non-profit, open-source website where volunteer developers can come help farmers and scientists around the world.
</p>

<br>
<br>

# Nsustain
> Are you a farmer or scientist working on
> issues related to environmental sustainability?
> We're here to help.
> We're a non-profit, open-source website connecting
> volunteer developers with those in need of technical
> assistance. Farmers, scientists, environmentalists,
> or anyone who works closely with the environment.
> If you have a problem that you need help with,
> don't hesitate to post it on our platform.
>
> We will do our best to assist you with a
> solution, whether it's a program to
> optimize your logistics, data analysis, or
> else. As long as it aligns with our
> mission to support sustainability,
> we are here to help.
>
> We are a team of passionate volunteers
> who are committed to using our skills
> and expertise to make a positive impact
> on the environment. Please be specific
> in your request and we will do our best
> to address your request as quickly as possible.

<br>
<br>
<br>

***Who are we?***<br>
College students. Internet strangers.
Open-source developers.

We want to work on projects that have a purpose
and make a positive impact, rather than simply
creating apps that generate revenue through
advertising. While there is value in developing
consumer products, we also recognize everyone
has the desire to work on projects that truly matter.
Projects that we truly care about.

<br>

***Why did we make Nsustain?***<br>
The idea is that farmers are the people who work most
closely with the environment. Thus, solving any kind of
problem that farmers have is one of the best ways to make
a positive impact on environmental sustainability.
Most people who have office jobs simply don't
have close contact with problems related
to the environment and sustainability.
Farmers, in contrast, are possibly the
most-knowledgeable group. By working with these individuals,
who have a deep understanding of the challenges facing the
environment, Nsustain hopes to develop innovative solutions
that make a lasting positive impact.

Nsustain is a platform designed to help regular people make a
direct impact on environmental sustainability. We aim to empower
individuals to take action and contribute to the fight against climate change.
We are committed to running Nsustain for as long as we can, and
we are honored to have the opportunity to use our skills
to make a positive impact on the world.

<br>

***What does Nsustain stand for?***<br>
E[<b>N</b>]vironment and [<b>sustain</b>]ability.
**Nsustain**.

<br>
<br>
<br>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    YouTube<br>
    [<a href="https://youtu.be/E8JAcw1SJLA">What is Nsustain?</a>]
  </b>
  <a href="https://youtu.be/E8JAcw1SJLA" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/E8JAcw1SJLA/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Nsustain YouTube" />
  </a>
</p>


<br>
<br>
<br>

## Repositories

#### Nsustain Source Code [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com)]

Every part of our website
except for the database containing user data
is open-source. This repository is how we run
[Nsustain.com](https://nsustain.com)

<br>

#### Maintenance Page Source Code [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/maintenance-page)]

We use this repository in case of
unforseeable emergency. It's designed such that
we can deploy it just by cloning
this repository and using
`docker compose up -d`.

<br>

#### Official Logos [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/.github)]

We have various versions of our official
logos maintained at this repository.
Each version is stored as `.png` and
`.svg` files.

Commit message:

docs: better wording (our lifetime)
Signed-off-by: Soobin Rho <soobinrho@gmail.com>

profile/README.md, after:

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://nsustain.com">
    <img alt="Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nsustain/.github/main/logo/logo-github.png" width="350">
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com">
    <img alt="nsustain.com" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19341857/184772201-ff14bc28-b7a7-4bec-bef5-52625acd0544.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img alt="MIT License" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19341857/206869035-bccdfab1-a825-4ec1-b598-78bf668b7917.svg">
  </a>
</p>

---

<br>
<br>
<br>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    About<br>
    [<a href="https://nsustain.com">Official Website</a>]
  </b>
  <br>
  <br>
  🌳 A non-profit, open-source website where volunteer developers can come help farmers and scientists around the world.
</p>

<br>
<br>

# Nsustain
> Are you a farmer or scientist working on
> issues related to environmental sustainability?
> We're here to help.
> We're a non-profit, open-source website connecting
> volunteer developers with those in need of technical
> assistance. Farmers, scientists, environmentalists,
> or anyone who works closely with the environment.
> If you have a problem that you need help with,
> don't hesitate to post it on our platform.
>
> We will do our best to assist you with a
> solution, whether it's a program to
> optimize your logistics, data analysis, or
> else. As long as it aligns with our
> mission to support sustainability,
> we are here to help.
>
> We are a team of passionate volunteers
> who are committed to using our skills
> and expertise to make a positive impact
> on the environment. Please be specific
> in your request and we will do our best
> to address your request as quickly as possible.

<br>
<br>
<br>

***Who are we?***<br>
College students. Internet strangers.
Open-source developers.

We want to work on projects that have a purpose
and make a positive impact, rather than simply
creating apps that generate revenue through
advertising. While there is value in developing
consumer products, we also recognize everyone
has the desire to work on projects that truly matter.
Projects that we truly care about.

<br>

***Why did we make Nsustain?***<br>
The idea is that farmers are the people who work most
closely with the environment. Thus, solving any kind of
problem that farmers have is one of the best ways to make
a positive impact on environmental sustainability.
People who have office jobs often
do not have close contact with environmental issues
or sustainability problems. On the other hand,
farmers may be the most knowledgeable group in this area.
By working with these individuals,
who have a deep understanding of the challenges facing the
environment, Nsustain hopes to develop innovative solutions
that make a lasting positive impact.

Nsustain is a platform designed to help regular people make a
direct impact on environmental sustainability. We aim to empower
individuals to take action and contribute to the fight against climate change.
We are committed to running Nsustain for as long as we can, hopefully our lifetime,
and we are honored to have the opportunity to use our skills
to make a positive impact on the world.

<br>

***What does Nsustain stand for?***<br>
E[<b>N</b>]vironment and [<b>sustain</b>]ability.
**Nsustain**.

<br>
<br>
<br>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    YouTube<br>
    [<a href="https://youtu.be/E8JAcw1SJLA">What is Nsustain?</a>]
  </b>
  <a href="https://youtu.be/E8JAcw1SJLA" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/E8JAcw1SJLA/maxresdefault.jpg" alt="Nsustain YouTube" />
  </a>
</p>


<br>
<br>
<br>

## Repositories

#### Nsustain Source Code [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/nsustain.com)]

Every part of our website
except for the database containing user data
is open-source. This repository is how we run
[Nsustain.com](https://nsustain.com)

<br>

#### Maintenance Page Source Code [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/maintenance-page)]

We use this repository in case of
unforseeable emergency. It's designed such that
we can deploy it just by cloning
this repository and using
`docker compose up -d`.

<br>

#### Official Logos [[GitHub](https://github.com/Nsustain/.github)]

We have various versions of our official
logos maintained at this repository.
Each version is stored as `.png` and
`.svg` files.
